Who dares to let him go
You are so bold
I hit my daughter and still dare to deliver it to my door
He deserved it when I hit your daughter
If I don't save him
He had already been ruined by two men
Then you mean I have to thank you.
I don't care if I'm grateful or not
Just don't take revenge
Didn't I tell you?
You are not worthy of my daughter, why are you still here?
It's up to you whether I deserve it or not
As long as Bing Jiao likes it
He likes you.
You want to be with him?
If so, you go away together
My neighbor doesn't even have you as a daughter
Ping Jiao, trust me.
Even if I don't have a neighbor, I can trust you enough
You lie and brag without a bottom line
And you expect me to believe you?
You really think I'm stupid.
I'm not lying.
What I said is true.
Don't say another word.
Just pretend you don't know each other in the future and go by yourself
Do you think you can just go?
You hit my daughter
I have to give an explanation today
Otherwise, I have to let the old man marry you all
He must be expelled from the collar
You want to kick me out of my house?
Are you trying to steal my position as president?
A defeated arm called turning out
What about the position of the CEO?